c:\users\tum\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\CheckLoopQR\CheckLoopQR\bin\CheckLoopQR.dll.config
c:\users\tum\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\CheckLoopQR\CheckLoopQR\bin\CheckLoopQR.dll
c:\users\tum\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\CheckLoopQR\CheckLoopQR\bin\CheckLoopQR.pdb
c:\users\tum\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\CheckLoopQR\CheckLoopQR\bin\zxing.dll
c:\users\tum\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\CheckLoopQR\CheckLoopQR\bin\zxing.presentation.dll
c:\users\tum\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\CheckLoopQR\CheckLoopQR\bin\zxing.pdb
c:\users\tum\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\CheckLoopQR\CheckLoopQR\bin\zxing.xml
c:\users\tum\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\CheckLoopQR\CheckLoopQR\bin\zxing.presentation.pdb
c:\users\tum\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\CheckLoopQR\CheckLoopQR\bin\zxing.presentation.xml
c:\users\tum\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\CheckLoopQR\CheckLoopQR\obj\Debug\CheckLoopQR.dll
c:\users\tum\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\CheckLoopQR\CheckLoopQR\obj\Debug\CheckLoopQR.pdb
C:\Users\508382\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\CheckLoopQR\CheckLoopQR\bin\CheckLoopQR.dll.config
C:\Users\508382\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\CheckLoopQR\CheckLoopQR\bin\CheckLoopQR.dll
C:\Users\508382\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\CheckLoopQR\CheckLoopQR\bin\CheckLoopQR.pdb
C:\Users\508382\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\CheckLoopQR\CheckLoopQR\bin\zxing.dll
C:\Users\508382\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\CheckLoopQR\CheckLoopQR\bin\zxing.presentation.dll
C:\Users\508382\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\CheckLoopQR\CheckLoopQR\bin\zxing.pdb
C:\Users\508382\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\CheckLoopQR\CheckLoopQR\bin\zxing.xml
C:\Users\508382\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\CheckLoopQR\CheckLoopQR\bin\zxing.presentation.pdb
C:\Users\508382\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\CheckLoopQR\CheckLoopQR\bin\zxing.presentation.xml
C:\Users\508382\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\CheckLoopQR\CheckLoopQR\obj\Debug\CheckLoopQR.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\508382\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\CheckLoopQR\CheckLoopQR\obj\Debug\CheckLoopQR.dll
C:\Users\508382\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\CheckLoopQR\CheckLoopQR\obj\Debug\CheckLoopQR.pdb
